Update the readme file (#17237)
DataDog/integrations-core: tekton/README.md

## Overview

This check monitors [Tekton][1] through the Datadog Agent. Tekton is a powerful and flexible open-source framework for creating CI/CD systems, allowing developers to build, test, and deploy across cloud providers and on-premise systems.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][3] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

Starting from Agent release 7.52.0, the Tekton check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package. No additional installation is needed on your server.

> **WARNING**: This check uses [OpenMetrics](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/openmetrics/) to collect metrics from the OpenMetrics endpoint Tekton can expose, which requires Python 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING**: This check uses [OpenMetrics](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/openmetrics/) to collect metrics from the OpenMetrics endpoint that Tekton exposes, which requires Python 3.
```
